Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Fucken,
come here.
Put her down.
Hey!
Don't you fuckin' move!
Pop the boot?
And good morning to you too.
Glad to see you, how was work perhaps?
Morning!
Happy Anniversary
Dean?
Yes?
Thank you.
See, I didn't forget.
And...
I made you breakfast.
What the hell is this?
Nice lunchbox.
Just open it, it's the only one we had.
Egg and bacon?
Yes.
- Cool.
Mmm, it's good.
It's good.
You hate cooking.
Well, someone's gotta look after ya.
Mmm, it's good.
Hang on,
wait.
Oh god!
And was all that just for me?
Pity,
tradie look was sexy.
Who's texting you?
Mum,
good luck on your weekend away.
Probably glad we're not taking
advantage of your empty house.
She doesn't think we're sixteen.
So, guess what Kim told me,
you know Kim.
Yeah, she's the slutty one?
Dean, stop saying that, she's lovely.
What about her?
Well, she's pregnant.
Oh great, now I feel bad.
Yeah, you should.
Does she know who the father is?
Dean!
Just joking, relax.
Yeah, you better be.
So why are you telling me
she's pregnant?
Just thought you might wanna know.
I actually don't care.
Hang on a second,
you're not pregnant are ya?
No, I'm not!
Sure?
Stop looking like you think
I could be.
Thank god for that aye?
Does that mean
you don't want kids one day?
Don't really think about it.
Well you must have some sort of idea?
Yes, no?
Maybe, I dunno.
You?
Yeah, of course.
What?
Well not now!
Okay!
You had me worried there for a second.
So,
have you given much thought
to when Feb comes round?
No.
Why?
My course.
Claire, you said you weren't gonna go.
Well I wasn't.
But?
Dean, you know how good the course is,
and they only take like
twelve people a year.
Yeah, and the university's all the
way up in Queensland honey.
Yeah, and I got in.
I can't just turn them down.
And I know you don't want me to go,
but this is such a huge
opportunity for me,
there's no waiting list,
no second chances,
it's now or never.
What, so you want me to
stay here my whole life?
Aren't we happy here?
That's not what I meant.
Just can't we be
happy there?
Dean?
What?
Well don't you have anything
else to say about it?
Look, if you wanna go, then go.
But I don't have to like it.
You could at least be happy for me.
I am happy.
But you know, I don't even want
to talk about this right now.
I don't wanna think about it
or talk about it, ok?
This'll do us.
I'll go.
I can't even get my GPS up.
That's ok, I don't need directions.
So you know where we're going?
More or less, yeah.
You are so lost.
There's no way anyone could
get lost in this town it's tiny.
Look at it.
Yet you've managed
Congratulations.
Service station, perfect.
So you can ask for directions?
I don't need directions.
I need to fill up.
Really Dean?
Yep,
but you can ask if you want.
Looks like they're open too.
Success.
What, that you're filling up
or that you know where we are?
Eh, bit of both.
Where are you goin?
Bathroom
Number one or number two?
Aw Dean!
Ah, got a light?
No, sorry.
I don't smoke, so I don't need one.
Sorry.
Ya car's got one.
On your console.
I'm sorry, doesn't yours too?
Mine's not workin'.
Well I can't fix it for you.
You don't have to be a smartass alright,
I just
want a smoke.
Look, I don't have
a lighter for you, so just
Stop being a little bitch
and give me a fuckin light
Get lost!
Don't make me smash
through this fuckin' window.
Oi!
You right?
Yeah mate,
just need a light here,
but your missus
won't help us out.
Yeah well she doesn't smoke.
Good man.
Yeah grab it.
Cheers mate.
What do you reckon?
Heh, you sure do attract the creeps.
Dean it's not funny.
Claire he's gone now,
don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it?!
Well you're ok yeah?
Yeah, but
he was seriously like
a disgusting feral...
gross.
And you didn't have
to be so nice to him.
Claire with guys like
that you just give
them what they want
and then fuck off.
Well what did you want me to do?
I dunno,
bash him?
Bash him?
Ok,
next time I promise.
Ah Dean,
we've passed that pub like three times.
Ok fine, I'm lost.
Let's just ask someone for
directions.
Actually, no I don't think we are.
It's just down there.
I knew that.
Yeah sure you did.
Yeah!
Not bad.
Come to bed.
No, no!
Let's sleep.
No, no.
You're just trying to make me comfy
so we don't have
to leave the hotel room.
Is it working?
Maybe.
I really did want to go out
and have a look around town though.
I've got a better idea.
You are so predictable.
You didn't!
I did.
And they didn't know what
a bloody latte was.
You better enjoy that.
Thank you.
This looks cosy.
And don't you get too comfy,
we're going hiking today.
Bull shit, we're going back to bed.
Dean.
Fine, let's go hiking.
Well you coming?
I've gotta finish this first.
You can eat it in the car.
Gimme that back! Dean.
Nah better pull over,
we're in the middle of
nowhere.
Dean.
I could probably rebuild that thing.
Aw shit.
What?
It's that fuckwit from the servo.
Just keep driving.
Claire it's gonna be hours
before anyone come here,
he's gonna be stuck out here.
Dean please, he scares me.
Yeah, he's pretty scary.
He threatened me ok,
just go.
Just go!
Why the hell didn't you tell me?
Well,
I didn't think we'd be
bumping into him again.
What did he say?
It doesn't matter now,
I don't wanna talk about it.
Are you mad at me?
No I'm not mad,
I just, Claire I don't like being
left in the dark. Ok?
I think we should go back
to the hotel room now.
Yes.
Loser.
I'm driving.
Can you smell that?
Aw shit.
Fuck.
Dean.
Sorry I'm gonna have to pull over.
I thought you got this thing fixed?
I did.
Come on!
What seems to be the problem mate?
Ah all good, just over heated buddy
You need some water?
Ah nah, I'm right. Just gonna give her
some coolant and I'll be on my way.
Cheers.
Piece of shit car, this must
happen all the time right?
That's not really helping mate.
Mate?
So we're mates now.
Look, like I said, I'm alright, ok?
No we couldn't just leave you
here on the side of the road.
We're good blokes, aren't we Heath?
Yeah wouldn't leave you
broken down, that's for sure.
Mate, whatever.
You and me,
we're not mates.
I'll be hers though.
Back off alright.
You right boys?
Yeah, this dick head reckons
he's fixed his piece of shit car.
Ah he looks like a fag mate,
he probably can't fix shit.
Look I don't need this shit
from you guys today, alright?
Settle down there.
We're just stirrin'.
Just making sure you're on your way.
Yeah well I am,
so just piss off alright.
Well that's not very nice.
But whatever
you just
run back to that little cunt of yours.
The fuck did you just say?
You might wanna settle down there... mate.
Nah fuck you.
Say it again I dare ya.
I said,
run back to your little cunt.
Fuck!
Get the fuck off me!
Fuck you, you dumb fuckin' cunt!
Get off me!
You got anything smart to say now?
You got a pretty girl here faggot!
Leave her alone!
Looks like she needs a real man
to show her round town.
Dean!
I'm gonna find out how you taste...
Claire get back in the car!
You ok?
Yeah.
Go faster!
Have we lost him?
Dean?
Ah, no!
Come on!
Dean...
Dean wake up...
Dean!
Shit!
We're gonna be fine,
we're gonna be fine.
Are you hurt? Are you hurt?
They're just trying to scare us.
I heard them...
Who the fuck are these guys?!
Claire. Claire!
How long have I been out?
I don't know! I.. I don't know.
I need you to help me right now.
What did you hear them say?
Stuff.
Try and focus, try and focus, ok.
We're gonna get
out of this, Claire?
We're gonna get out of this
but I need you. Alright?
Fuck!
I'm gonna see out here.
I have no idea where we are.
I don't wanna die.
We're not gonna die ok,
we're not gonna die.
Just stay with me,
you need to stay with me.
Can you move at all?
No.
Honey,
just think of all the fun
things we're gonna do
when we get out of here.
Try and see if you can
slip out of your ropes.
I can't!
If you get loose we can make
a break for the cover
and get the fuck out of this tray.
Fuck!
- Oh God.
Claire, I got an idea.
Shh, shh, Claire, Claire,
Claire, look, look, look.
Over there.
Their tool
box is in here with us, look.
We have to open that tool box,
down there.
We'll find something sharp
to cut our ropes.
It's next to your feet, I can't
get to it. I need you to try.
I can't...
Can you do that for me? Please?
You need to try,
you need to try,
just try and open that tool box yeah?
See if you can kick
it over first,
try and kick it over first
and spill the tools.
Kick it over.
- I'm trying!
Try!
That's it, that's it, kick it over.
Kick it over. Try to kick it over.
I'm trying!
That's it!
Yes! Yes!
Good, good.
Ok, ok,
search around for something sharp.
Search for something sharp
to cut the ropes,
Claire, please.
I'm trying!
You can do this, please.
That's it, that's it.
Cut your rope with it.
I can't, I just...
Here, let me try. Let me try, here.
Here, come this way.
Oh shit, they're coming.
Dean, Dean! What do we do now?
Take this quick.
Fuckin' leave her alone!
What are you gonna do with us?
Someone will find us.
Yeah? Who's gonna find ya?
No one knows you're here.
Let us go! Let us go.
Now why would I?
When we went through
all this trouble to get you?
Please!
We didn't do anything to you!
Well that's part
of the problem, isn't it?
Couldn't even pull over
for us could you?
Please, just let us go.
Fucken reason you little faggot!
Go!
We won't tell anyone what's happened.
Please.
What do you boys reckon?
Good reason?
Shit reason mate. Fuckin' shit.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Jarred,
keep an eye on him.
Heath...
Hold her down for me.
You touch her and I'll rip
your fucken head off!
You inbred fuck!
You know,
do you wanna watch
while we gut her,
Let's go.
Maybe you should watch,
I take a look into the hereafter.
I always wanted to do this.
What do you think about?
Hold it down!
Tough guy here aye?
Be a good girl,
and you're gonna get a
treat.
Me and the boys
are gonna look after you.
No, no.
Relax!
Hang him up!
I want him bloody.
Look what I got!
Let's see how that petrol
tastes with a little fire.
Run!
Run Claire!
Well find her!
Well where'd she go?
If I knew where she was I wouldn't
be fucking standing here now would I?
I'll get me rifle.
Well get it then.
Well maybe she went
up around the side.
Just keep lookin'.
Over there!
She's behind the Falcon!
Don't kill her!
I want her alive!
Fuckin' slut!
Stop you idiot!
What?
Stop!
Get the faggot.
She's startin' up the car Knuck.
Let her.
Ok.
Open the door.
Open the fuckin' door!
We're gonna
cut your boyfriend's fucken head off.
No!
No, no.
Go, go.
You got until the count of three.
One!
Dean.
Go Claire!
Two.
I'm sorry.
I could slit your throat right now.
Do it.
Nah,
I got a better idea.
Bring her to the shed.
Leave her alone!
Claire, it's ok, it's ok.
It's ok.
Here, let's go.
Claire, Claire,
it's ok, it's ok.
We've gotta go.
Claire, Claire
All is well.
It's over.
Claire, Claire
Relax!
It's over.
If they come back we're fucked. Alright.
It's over. Come on, please.
Come on, come on, let's go.
Ok, it's ok.
Shit!
Fuck, fuck.
Dean.
It's over. Honey,
it's over.
I love you!
You're safe now ok.
You ok?
What's wrong?
No!
Sorry,
sorry,
Moment
Sorry, sorry. Are you ok?
You're going to be ok.
Stay with me yeah?
It's ok.
Please just stay with me.
It will be alright.
It's ok. It's ok.
Give me your hand!
Dean
You'll get through
this ok?
I love you.
I love you too.
You're doing well, you're doing
really well.
Just breathe.
We're gonna go to Queensland
together remember?
Just me and you yeah?
We'll get a house together,
it'll be heaps of fun.
Please.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry Dean.
N-n-n-n-n-no. Not yet!
No!
Claire.
Did you get it running?
Jarred?
Fuck,
Jarred.
Jarred's dead!
The fuck you squealing about?
Him.
What the fuck happened?
Who'd have fuckin' guessed,
he came back.
Nah fuck that and fuck him.
I'm gonna find him,
I'm gonna go clean up the shed.
I'm gonna kill you!
Well faggot?
What are you waitin' for?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org